Update import/parsers notes in README (#1283)
benmosher/eslint-plugin-import: README.md

You may use the following shortcut or assemble your own config using the granular settings described below.

> Make sure you have installed the [`@typescript-eslint/parser`] which is used in the following configuration. Unfortunately NPM does not allow to list optional peer dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have installed the [`@typescript-eslint/parser`] which is used in the following configuration. Unfortunately `npm` does not support optional peer dependencies.
```

# .eslintrc.yml
settings:
  import/parsers:

>     @typescript-eslint/parser: [ .ts, .tsx ]

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is valid YAML. It gets confused because of the `@`, so you would have to make sure this key is a string by doing:
```suggestion
    '@typescript-eslint/parser': [ .ts, .tsx ]
```
